[java] Cognitive Complexity Metric (#3293)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/pmd/languages/java_metrics_index.md

* Option `includeJavaLang`: Also include classes from the package `java.lang`

## Cognitive Complexity (COGNITIVE_COMPLEXITY)

*Operation metric.* Can be calculated on any non-abstract operation.

### Description

Cognitive complexity is a measure of how difficult it is for humans to read and understand a method. Code that contains
a break in the control flow is more complex, whereas the use of language shorthands doesn't increase the level of
complexity. Nested control flows can make a method more difficult to understand, with each additional nesting of the
control flow leading to an increase in cognitive complexity.

Information about Cognitive complexity can be found in the original paper here:
[CognitiveComplexity](https://www.sonarsource.com/docs/CognitiveComplexity.pdf)

> By default, this rule reports methods with a complexity of 15 or more. Reported methods should be broken down into less

Reviewer: Strictly speaking, this sentence belongs to the rule and not to the metric. We could refer to the rule here, e.g.:

```suggestion
The rule {% rule java/design/CyclomaticComplexity %} by default reports methods with a complexity of 15 or more. 
These reported methods should be broken down into less
```

complex components.

### Basic Idea

1. Ignore structures that allow multiple statements to be readably shorthanded into one
2. Increment (add one) for each break in the linear flow of the code
3. Increment when flow-breaking structures are nested

### Increments
There is an increment for each of the following:
* `if`, `else if`, `else`, ternary operator
* `switch`
* `for`, `foreach`
* `while`, `do while`
* `catch`

> * `goto LABEL`, `break LABEL`, `continue LABEL`, `break NUMBER`, `continue NUMBER`

Reviewer: Is there really a `break NUMBER` statement? I'm not aware of this...
Same for `continue NUMBER`.

Reviewer: I see, that's from the specification of the metric... so for Java, there is no `break NUMBER`, but for other languages there could be.

I think, we should remove these two statements, since this page describes how the metric is implemented for java, and I find it a bit irritating.

```suggestion
* `goto LABEL`, `break LABEL`, `continue LABEL`
```
